This project shows the sales trend within the year 2018 to 2020
I got the data from different sources, sales, customer and location data are in one table in excel worksheet, salespeople in text and products in csv then
I moved to Power Query for data cleaning where I changed the data type, made sure each file have a separate table so I can have a beautiful data model. 
I also invoked my calendar in Power Query then moved to Power BI for more analysis.
I created two tables which are the Key Measures for my KPIs and Time Intelligence for more insights using DAX.
Insights derived;
6 Cards showing Revenue, Total Cost, Order Count, Profit, Quantity sold and Profit Margin.
Bar Charts showing the Revenue generated by each Salesperson, Revenue generated from each customer, Revenue generated in each County,
Line chart showing Revenue generated every month within the years, a Tree map showing our best selling products, a Map showing the best selling cities in the state and Matrix for Revenue by Year Hierarchy.
There are slicers listing our Products, Cities and Days of the week.
In this dashboard, we could identify:
1. Overall profits within the years to be $8.34M after deducting the Total cost from the Revenue which generated a profit margin of 32.52%
2. The Line chart shows that the highest sales were made in March
3. The highest Revenue was generated in 2018 and there was a big decrease in 2020 maybe due to the pandemic.
4. There is a slight difference in the revenue generated by each salesperson but the employee of the year goes to Kenneth Bradley.
5. Best customer reward goes to Craig Wright who generated the highest revenue for the company.
6. Los Angeles is the best selling County among others.
There is another dashboard showing all calculations which are;
Revenue, Total costs, Profit, Profit Margin, Quantity Sold and Order count in each city.
The SALESBYDATE Dashboard shows the Time Intelligence Metrics.
